hello internet or people i'm going to
force watch this in the future this leg
right here and I are about to unbox
money laptop the lanova lenovo ideapad
yoga 2 pro l right now L&L leno leno but
I innova well that's not its lenovo
lenovo cheese no I'm doing lenovo it's a
tablet it's got four modes there are
pictures here are the four modes there's
regular laptop slightly more than
regular laptop closed tablet and tent
which is a thing that nobody will ever
use I don't know so let's do this I took
off one of stickers so I've already
broken unboxing rules but I changed my
mind in the process of removing sticker
do this this one for you guys it's a
very thought-provoking process can I get
the sticker it leaves a little bit of
the lenovo logo on the box don't you see
that but that's fine it's a box for a
laptop do that that all right this thing
should be ready to open do that over
here okay sandbox no no tricks attic and
the top is off that like right there for
product placement lenovo you can write
me a check alright well now there's this
this is made of some sort of fabric
material don't know why oh I block the
leg the mysterious leg it's been blocked
lenovo didn't rub you that check all
right it's fine what about it okay so
now we're back to this let's see what is
oh this is the laptop right off the bat
all right there we go oh this is nice
it's kind of fibery it's good for travel
from the plant to hear all right let's
see it Lou trendy very nice if you look
right here you can see the USB 3 port
this is what they do whenever I seen on
boxing it's throw it right up in there
you've never seen a USB port right
there's that mini HDMI port and I'm to
me that is power right there it's yellow
for power for here there's a follow you
that's a USB port that's headphones
remember it is n my dual volume and I
don't know what that does that's another
button it's got a weird twisty twisty
logo it's right there make from that
what you will now we will open up the
laptop a real double opening if you will
ooh oh there's another one of those
little library fabric things or there's
no keyboard there's no way to tell I'm
leaning towards there's no keyboard hmm
that's fine keyboards are over it up now
comes off very nice coming on a nice
matte feel to it keyboards very nice
good key compression by my standards but
I have using a five year old laptop over
there um looks good now to go against
several years of training probably 5-10
years we can see my reflection came
really interesting very inception II I'm
going to bend this the way that I've
been taught never to bend a laptop huh
that works I don't bother this goes
anymore does that look like it goes any
more like down I don't really think so I
don't buy you get unclips yeah you know
I'm not about to it I'm doing it
actually looks uh-huh and so it does
this is tent mode I'm guarantee you I'll
find a use for it but right now it seems
really useless and now it's in full
tablet mode awesome oh and there's more
reflection at me okay so we're still
unboxing though this is so weird not
supposed to bend laptops like that that
doesn't matter we're back to the Box
move away this box nonsense don't worry
I haven't anything else without you I
don't know what's like cardboard so
there's a plug logo another plug logo
and a paper logo so this is
documentation that's my guest for this
middle panel with a paper logo on no
it's the charger nope there's something
in here hold up hold on
yes camp envelope what's up with that
okay oh it's literally an envelope full
of yeah okay so just in case you're
wondering I'm not lying okay all right
put that that over there underneath that
for some reason there's the actual plug
this is nicely sized actually very thin
very modern it's half of it there's
another half there are still two panels
left we're only missing half the plug on
this is a 3 power plug well one way to
find out let's uh let's try this end
finger there this is the just the
plug-in not the plug and maybe ethernet
end okay this appears to be the other
end of the power cable these appear to
go together and now for the mysterious
compartment which five done any research
I was probably know was in here I'm not
sure I may be an Ethernet the converter
it's empty it's completely empty I don't
hope there wasn't supposed to be
something wrong look at that so there
you have it there you have it but look
it's a lenovo ideapad yoga 2 pro
unboxing awesome like one add anything